a large semiaquatic reptile similar to a crocodile but with a broader and shorter head, native to the Americas and China.
a stinging winged insect which collects nectar and pollen, produces wax and honey, and lives in large communities.
a small domesticated carnivorous mammal with soft fur, a short snout, and retractable claws.
a large predatory semiaquatic reptile with long jaws, long tail, short legs, and a horny textured skin.
a small gregarious toothed whale that typically has a beaklike snout and a curved fin on the back.
a large bird of prey with a massive hooked bill and long broad wings, known for its keen sight and powerful soaring flight.
a limbless cold-blooded vertebrate animal with gills and fins living wholly in water.
a large African mammal with a very long neck and forelegs, having a coat patterned with brown patches separated by lighter lines.
a solitary burrowing rodent with a short tail and large cheek pouches for carrying food.
a large plant-eating marsupial with a long powerful tail and strongly developed hindlimbs that enable it to travel by leaping.
a large marine crustacean with a cylindrical body, stalked eyes, and the first of its five pairs of limbs modified as pincers.
a domesticated hoofed mammal of the horse family with long ears and a braying call, used as a beast of burden; an ass.
a cephalopod mollusc with eight sucker-bearing arms, a soft body, strong beaklike jaws, and no internal shell.
a large bearlike mammal with characteristic black and white markings, native to certain mountain forests in China.
a gregarious burrowing plant-eating mammal, with long ears, long hind legs, and a short tail.
a long-bodied chiefly marine fish with a cartilaginous skeleton, a prominent dorsal fin, and toothlike scales.
a domesticated ruminant mammal with a thick woolly coat and (typically only in the male) curving horns.
a very large solitary cat with a yellow-brown coat striped with black, native to the forests of Asia but becoming increasingly rare.
a wild carnivorous mammal which is the largest member of the dog family, living and hunting in packs.
an African wild horse with black-and-white stripes and an erect mane.