shooting with a bow and arrows, especially at a target as a sport.
a game with rackets in which a shuttlecock is hit back and forth across a net.
a game played between two teams of five players in which goals are scored by throwing a ball through a netted hoop fixed at each end of the court.
a ball game played between two teams of nine on a diamond-shaped circuit of four bases.
a bat-and-ball game played between two teams of eleven players on a field at the centre of which is a 20-metre (22-yard) pitch with a wicket at each end, each comprising two bails balanced on three stumps
a game played on a lawn, in which wooden balls are driven through a series of square-topped hoops by means of mallets.
an indoor game in which small pointed missiles with feather or plastic flights are thrown at a circular target marked with numbers in order to score points.
any of various forms of team game involving kicking (and in some cases also handling) a ball, in particular (in the UK) soccer or (in the US) American football.
the sport of fighting with swords, especially foils, épées, or sabres, according to a set of rules, in order to score points against an opponent.
a game played on a large open-air course, in which a small hard ball is struck with a club into a series of small holes in the ground, the object being to use the fewest possible strokes to complete the course.
a team game played between two teams of eleven players each, using hooked sticks with which the players try to drive a small hard ball towards goals at opposite ends of a field.
a sport of unarmed combat derived from ju-jitsu and intended to train the body and mind.
an oriental system of unarmed combat using the hands and feet to deliver and block blows, widely practised as a sport.
travel in or use a kayak.
a team game, originally played by North American Indians, in which the ball is thrown, carried, and caught with a long-handled stick having a curved L-shaped or triangular frame at one end with a piece of shallow netting in the angle.
a seven-a-side game in which goals are scored by throwing a ball so that it falls through a netted hoop. By contrast with basketball, a player receiving the ball must stand still until they have passed it to another player.
a game played on a small billiard table using two sets of seven coloured and numbered balls together with one black ball and a white cue ball, with the aim of pocketing all one's own balls and then the black.
the sport or pastime of riding on a skateboard.
a game in which two or four players strike a ball with rackets over a net stretched across a court. The usual form (originally called lawn tennis ) is played with a felt-covered hollow rubber ball on a grass, clay, or artificial surface.
a game for two teams, usually of six players, in which a large ball is hit by hand over a high net, the aim being to score points by making the ball reach the ground on the opponent's side of the court.